Hong Xiu
Madam Zhang had no heirs
Our child
died in the womb for no reason again
The various reasons for this
I am well aware of
You have suffered
Now
Madam Zhang has passed away
Everything, absolutely everything
is all in the past
From now on
you
Hong Xiu
will be the mistress of my Li Manor
I know
you still hold resentment in your heart
Are you still angry with me?
These past few days
the matter of the Ghost Infant
must have tormented you to no end
I know
Jin'er was my child too
My heart aches for him as well
I couldn't bear to lose him either
Rest assured
Whoever it was
that disturbed Jin'er's body
I will investigate to the very end
I, Li Niangu
will make them pay with blood
Hong Xiu
Time of death was three hours ago
At 10:00 PM
The fatal wound is in the center of the back
A stab wound
piercing the heart
Lord Li
When did you arrive here?
I...
Around 11 PM
In a mere hour
To kill someone
behead them
and then clean up the scene
is absolutely impossible
You mean
this is not the crime scene
Who
or what
could have lured her out?
And lured her to where?
Something so important to you
where would you keep it?
No
"If you want the truth, come to the alley in Changsheng Fang"
Go to Changsheng Fang
Guiyi
Go back to Dali Temple and get help
Transport the body back
Yes
Lord Li
Until the matter is clarified
please remain in your manor
Yes
Judging by the footprints
it is the same person who stole the infant's body
First it was Madam Zhang
Then Hong Xiu
Do you think
who the killer is ultimately targeting?
What?
Even our Tang Dynasty's top detective
is stumped?
Regarding Madam Zhang's death
Li Niangu's attitude is a puzzle
It wasn't until Hong Xiu was killed
that he reported the case
Li Niangu must be hiding a secret
The killer is forcing him to reveal it
Madam Zhang's body
before the burial
needs to be examined in detail
I found something.
I opened Madam Zhang's stomach.
And found traces of Phantom Mind Poison.
She must have been taking Phantom Mind Poison for a long time.
Causing her to live in constant fear.
Seeing the ghosts in her mind.
As expected.
Someone who knew where the infants were buried.
Could only be someone from the manor.
Someone in this manor who could dig up a grave overnight...
...and fill it back up again.
Must be a strong young man.
Skilled in using knives to dismember bodies.
And had access to the Madam's meals.
Meeting all these conditions...
That person can only be...
The cook.
My Lord.
What is it?
A night watchman came to report a case.
Claiming he saw someone last night...
A Headless ghost holding a human head.
What?
The man said...
It was the head of Qin Shitou, who was executed five days ago.
He recognized it.
Qin Shitou was a servant at Li Niangu's manor.
For attempting to assassinate Li Niangu...
He was sentenced to beheading.
Li Niangu again.
What time last night?
9:00 PM.
Hong Xiu died at 10:00 PM.
Li Niangu went there around 11 PM.
Do you suspect Hong Xiu...
Was killed by this walking corpse of Qin Shitou?
All the key evidence points to Hong Xiu.
So, between this killer and Hong Xiu...
What exactly is the connection?
Guiyi.
Bring me all the files on the Qin Shitou case.
Yes, sir.
Acting Vice Minister.
There was indeed a cook in my manor.
His height...
As Investigator Shen Tu said...
Was about five feet seven inches.
His name is Liu Mu.
But he resigned due to illness and returned home a few days ago.
So we haven't found a suitable cook since.
This place has been empty ever since.
When did he start working at your manor?
Approximately...
Half a year ago.
A cook.
Lord Li.
Why do you remember so clearly?
You may not know, My Lord.
My wife loved Huaiyang Cuisine.
I searched for a long time to find this cook.
He was indeed quite skilled at making Huaiyang Cuisine.
So he left a deep impression on me.
I just didn't expect...
That I had invited a thief into my home.
I heard...
That you also met Hong Xiu half a year ago.
Is that so?
That is correct.
However...
Hong Xiu and Liu Mu shouldn't have any connection.
This is...
My wife and I have never had children.
So we often get some herbal medicine
to improve our health.
It's Phantom Mind Poison.
By the way, my lord,
I need to ask you about someone.
Please speak.
Qin Shitou.
There was indeed such a person in the manor.
Why does the Master ask about that thief?
Rumors spread this morning that he has become a headless walking corpse.
Naturally, I must ask your honor about the situation.
Qin Shitou was originally a groom in the manor.
I discovered he had been embezzling fodder money for years.
He stole a countless amount.
I wanted to consider our past relationship
and hoped he would repent.
Unexpectedly, he tried to assassinate me.
So I reported him to the Magistrate's office.
He was convicted of embezzlement and attempted assassination.
Later, he was sentenced to beheading.
What about Qin Shitou's family?
Yes.
He had a wife and a pair of children.
After the incident,
she took the children and left Chang'an City.
That is all.
Old Yao, let's go.
Oh no.
Look.
Could it really be a walking corpse?
Why is this happening?
Didn't you say everything was settled and foolproof?
I only used his children to perform the Human Foundation Sacrifice for you.
Why was he beheaded?
Don't you know that yourself?
Tell me, why did you kill him?
You said it yourself.
You wanted to take his boy-girl twins
to create a human pile for suppression.
Where did that suppression go?
Since half a year ago,
after the first boy was used as a human pile,
not only have I not been promoted,
but strange things have happened one after another.
Nowadays,
first it was the Ghost Infant,
turning our Li Manor upside down
and causing utter chaos.
And then?
Madam Zhang and Hong Xiu died inexplicably.
Both of my wives are dead.
If this goes on,
everyone in Li Manor will be dead soon.
Now some headless walking corpse has appeared.
I gave you so much silver.
Where did the money go?
Could it be
that you set up this scheme
to murder me?
What nonsense are you talking about?
You are...
Look, is that a person?
Qin Shitou.
Chopping the neck...
hurts so much.